well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
the president's statements trump
statements
are politicians treatments what they
were able to get
and how that compares to everybody else
what we can forecast from that and
address rehearsal
so if you don't know trump trump was
commenting on his
treatment you know he's like yeah i was
great we had like 14 doctors
standing around
yeah after flying there via helicopter
to a world-renowned facility and
all of that that that's fantastic that
that's great
it's too bad most people don't have
access to that kind of health care
and that's the takeaway for a lot of
people
that is the takeaway so that
it highlights the inequalities in our
health care system and it's a valid take
away
yeah absolutely draw attention to that
it needs to be
needs to be highlighted and the
president
who constantly downplayed to use you
know his term
lied to the american people to use mine
he was able to get that and then
actually had the gall to brag about it
that that's that's pretty amazing
another politician he checked in
as a precautionary measure
man that's cool
i mean how politically connected how
much money
do you have to have to check in as a
precautionary measure
it's amazing
and again it highlights the healthcare
issue
it also forecasts
the same people who downplayed this
the same people who told you not to wear
a mask
are the same people who are telling you
that we don't need to cut emissions
that climate change isn't a big deal
that we don't need to worry about it the
economy is more important all this
sounds familiar right
we have to go on with life is normal
because when the worst of it comes when
it finally hits home
and impacts them well
they're gonna be able to get on a
helicopter they have precautionary
measures
they'll be able to take we won't
this is a dress rehearsal for climate
change
what you see happening now is what is
going to happen then
the only difference is it's going to be
a lot more than 200 000 people
it's going to be much much more severe
hopefully here soon we will have a new
group of people in charge who
theoretically are going to want to
demonstrate that they
are the exact opposite
of the administration that's currently
in power
one of the primary objectives
we need to give them through political
pressure
is to address this because if we're to
continue that analogy right now
it's over there still we got a couple of
cases here
but not many we still have time to
mitigate
to avoid the worst of it
we're still going to get hit understand
if we start today
we're still going to suffer negative
impacts from it
we're past the point of being able to
avoid it completely
but we can still mitigate the worst of
it
that needs to be something that the next
administration
is really focused on because at the end
of the day
it's not going to be at the top of their
list unless we push them
because when the time comes they're
going to have precautionary measures
they're going to have access to things
we don't
so they're not thinking about it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day